WYNN_1.1: change current database
1. User changes selection of current database in UI
2. Contents of database model and UI are updated to reflect current database

WYNN_1.2: database create
1. user clicks database add button, dialog shown to enter name
2a. Name already taken or invalid, done
2b. Name accepted, new database object created, made current [WYNN_1.1]

WYNN_1.3: database save
1. user clicks save button
2. current database's contents saved to $HOME/.wynn in xml file
3. info about file saved shown in status bar

WYNN_1.4: database remove
1. user clicks delete button
2. current database object destroyed
3. database .xml file deleted from $HOME/.wynn if exists
4. current database changes [WYNN_1.1], selection might become empty if last dbase was removed

WYNN_1.5: add new entry to database
1. user clicks add button
2a. No current dbase or locked, show warning, done
2b. Pop dialog to let user enter entry contents
3. dialog accepted by user, entry added to current database
4a. Duplicate detected in database, pop dialog to let user accept or reject entry (done)
5. database model updated, view focused on new entry

WYNN_1.6: remove entry from database
1. user selects one or more items and clicks delete button
2a. No database or locked, show warning, done
2b. confirmation dialog popped to confirm deletion of item(s)
3. user accepts, items are removed from current database
4. database model and UI is updated not to show removed items

WYNN_1.7: copy/move to another database
1. user selects one or more items and clicks copy/move button
2a. No database to serve as destination, pop warning, done
2b. dialog is popped asked for destination database
3a. destination database locked, pop warning, done
3b. iterate over selected items and add them to destination database [WYNN_1.5]
4a. duplicate detected, pop dialog asking user accept (yes/all), reject (no/none) or cancel (done)
4b. when moving, erase entry from source dbase
5. continue with [3b] until all entries processed 

WYNN_1.8: edit database entry
1. user selects one or more items and clicks edit button
2a. no database or locked, pop warning, done
2b. pop entry dialog, populate with entry details, let user edit
3a. user clicked cancel, done
3b. update entry contents in database
4a. duplicate detected, pop dialog asking user accept (yes/all), reject (no/none) or cancel (done)
5. continue with [2b] until all entries processed 

WYNN_1.9: find database item
1. user clicks find button, enters expression to search (old expression persists in selected mode inside dialog)
2. current database is searched for first match from position of current selection in database, or beginning if nothing selected
3a. if match found, view is focused on matching item in database
3b. otherwise message to the effect of "no match" shown

WYNN_1.10: export database to file
1. user clicks export button
2. save file dialog shown to let them pick place to save the html file
3. html file is saved to disk and message shown in status bar 

WYNN_1.11: reset database
1. user clicks reset button
2. question dialog shown clarifying and asking for confirmation
3. if user pressed yes, points for all items are reset in current database

WYNN_1.12: database quiz
1. user clicks quiz button
2. quiz settings are checked, list of questions generated, if none left - done
3. application enters quiz mode, quiz panel/dialog shown, 
4. question shown, answer blanked
5. user clicks the button to reveal the answer, buttons for evaluating the answer become active
6. user clicks the appropriate answer button (correct/incorrect/unsure), answer is stored by the quiz
7. repeat with [4] until questions exhausted or user cancels quiz
8a. ran out of questions, show summary and save results to database, done
8b. user canceled quiz 
9a. no answers given, done
9b. answer present, ask whether to save partial results
10a. user answered no, done
10b. show summary and save results to database, done

WYNN_2.1: switch dictionary plugin
1. user switches plugin in combobox in dictionary panel (or combobox self-selects)
2. contents of dictionary panel change to show the interface of the selected language